When would you want to create a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
	When I work in a team or when I work alone but want to show the project to a community for exchanging ideas.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
	Pulling changes manually from the remote repository gives me better control over the state of both repositories. It would be dangerous if Git synced automatically because it can accidently override important changes in one of the repositories.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
	When we create a branch, we make a new development line in the same repository. The operation relates to a single repository.
	When we clone, we make a copy of entire repository on our local machine.
	When we fork, we do the same thing as we clone except that the copy goes to a GitHub Server, associated with our profile.
	All these operations are useful when we want to create something essentially new. When the base is in the same repository, we branch. When the base is in another repository, we clone, if we copy to a local one, or fork, if we copy to GitHub.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
	This feature helps us avoiding more frequent merge conflicts and makes it easier to merge when one of the commits is ancestor of the other.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
	I'll collaborate using phone, Skype etc. It would be easier to talk, but much harder to work with files: update them, resolve conflicts, propose changes etc.
	It would be reasonable only if I work on really separate part of our project that couldn't create conflict with theirs work.
	In all other cases it would be inappropriate; we'll lose all the powerful features that version control offers.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
	I think that the decision whether to make changes in a separate branch or directly in master is a matter of experience that I don't have so far.
	Working directly in master is reasonable when my work relates closely to the main idea of the solution I work on. Working in separate branch is reasonable when my work is logically separate or when I'm not sure whether my changes will be approved.
	Working in master gives an easier process of pushing changes to the remote repository, but is easier to collaborate with the team when I work in separate branch.
